Add new note and update link in aks-upgrade-practices.md (#4427)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/operator-guides/aks/aks-upgrade-practices.md

If a cluster maintenance window isn't configured, node image updates occur biweekly. As much as possible, AKS maintenance occurs within the configured window, but the time of maintenance isn't guaranteed.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have a node pool with a large number of nodes but it is not configured with [node surge](/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade), the auto upgrade event might not trigger. Node images in a node pool will only be upgraded while the estimated total upgrade time is within 24 hours.
>

> > In this situation, you can consider spliting nodes into different node pools, if your vCPU quota is almost full and you cannot increase the vCPU quota; or consider configuring node surge to decrease the estimated upgrade time, if your vCPU quota is enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this situation, you can consider one of the following:
> - splitting nodes into different node pools if your vCPU quota is almost full and you cannot increase the vCPU quota
> - configuring node surge to decrease the estimated upgrade time if your vCPU quota is enough
```

> > [!note]
> > If you have a node pool with more than 200 nodes but not configured with [node surge](/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade), the auto upgrade event may not trigger. This is because Microsoft will only upgrade the node image while the estimated upgrade time is within 24 hours, and if the estimated upgrade time is over 24 hours, your node image will be stuck in old version.  
> >
> > In this situation, you can consider split nodes in different node pools, if your vCPU quota is almost full and you cannot increase the vCPU quota; Or consider configuring [node surge](/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade) to decrease the estimated upgrade time, if your vCPU quota is enough.  
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you have a node pool with a large number of nodes but not configured with [node surge](/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade), the auto upgrade event might not trigger. Node images will only be upgraded while the estimated total upgrade time is within 24 hours.  
>
> In this situation, you can consider spliting nodes into different node pools, if your vCPU quota is almost full and you cannot increase the vCPU quota; or consider configuring [node surge](/azure/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade) to decrease the estimated upgrade time, if your vCPU quota is enough.

```
